Updates related to OpenTelemetry. (#126795)
Azure/azure-content: includes/functions-opentelemetry-preview-note.md

author: ggailey777
ms.service: azure-functions
ms.topic: include
ms.date: 05/19/2025
ms.author: glenga
---
> [!IMPORTANT]  
> OpenTelemetry support for Azure Functions is currently in preview.

> > See the [Supplemental Terms of Use for Microsoft Azure Previews](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/preview-supplemental-terms/) for legal terms that apply to Azure features that are in beta, preview, or otherwise not yet released into general availability.

Reviewer: Let's just stick a more general terminology...
```suggestion
> See the [Supplemental Terms of Use for Microsoft Azure Previews](https://azure.microsoft.com/support/legal/preview-supplemental-terms/) for legal terms that apply to Azure features that are not yet generally available.
```
